1.0 The user must be able to add an insurance policy to either an exising or new customer.
	1.1. After Selecting the "Add an Insurance Policy" option, the user chooses to either add it to a new or existing customer.
		1.1.1 If the user chooses to add a policy to a new customer, a menu is shown to let the user choose between "HomeInsurance" or "CarInsurance";
			1.1.1.1 For any that is chosen, the valid questions are asked to receive the information.
			1.1.1.2 Create the insurance policy for that customer.
			1.1.1.3 The option to exit is shown

		1.1.2 If the user chooses to add a policy to an existing customer, then the new policy created should use information from the existing insurance policy.
			1.1.2.1 Some information is grabbed from the existing policy to initialize some parameters for the policy being added.
			1.1.2.2 The valid questions are asked to receive the information for the policy added.
			1.1.2.3 Create insurance policy for that customer.
			1.1.2.4 The option to exit is shown

2.0 The user must be able to view the policies of any specific customer
	2.1 The user is presented with a list of all customers 
	2.2 The user selects a customer and is the presented with the options of which policy to view.
	2.3 After selecting the policy to view, the policy's details are shown and the option to exit is shown.


3.0 The user must be able to update any policy monthly via the "Renew Policy" option.
	3.1 After selecting the "Renew Policy" option, the user is presented with the list of customer.
	3.2 After a customer is chosen, the user inputs the amount paid by the customer as agreed upon in step 1.1.1.1
	3.3 The amount paid is divided by the monthly payment to find out if the customer has paid in advance for future months. 
	3.4 The months passed is incremented by the amountpaid/monthly payment.
	3.5 If the user has overpaid. Print to the screen that he/she has overpaid and a refund needs to be given.
	3.6 After the refund statement has been shown, or the customer has paid for the necessary number of months...the user must be asked if he/she wants to renew their policy to which all payment variables will be reset and given new values. Those variables in questions are listed below:	
		float HomeInsurance_monthlyPayment = 0; //amount needed to be paid for the month
		float amount_paid = 0; //amount
		int months_passed = 0; //track the number of payments needed
		int HomeInsurance_expiryDateLimit = 0; //number of months until the policy expires
		float homeowner_payment = 0; //amount paid for the month currently
	3.7 The user cannot renew their policy until the full amount is paid.

4.0 The user must be able to exit the program.


Other Information





